Why is this work important? (#318)
ietf-rats-wg/architecture: draft-ietf-rats-architecture.md

--- abstract

> In network protocol exchanges it is useful for one end of a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In network protocol exchanges it is often useful for one end of a
```

> communication to know if the other end is in a proper operating state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
communication to know whether the other end is in a proper operating state.
```
(https://grammarist.com/grammar/if-vs-whether/ says "if" is considered informal, though the meaning is the same, so to me "whether" reads better)

> communication to know if the other end is in a proper operating state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
communication to know if the other end is in an intended operating state.
```

> communication to know whether the other end is in a proper operating state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
communication to know whether the other end is in an intended operating state.
```

> This memo provides an architectural overview of the entities involved

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This document provides an architectural overview of the entities involved
```

that make such tests possible through the process of generating,
conveying, and evaluating evidentiary claims.  An attempt is made to
provide for a model that is neutral toward processor architectures,
the content of claims, and protocols.

--- middle

# Introduction

> How should one system know that another system can be trusted?  This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How can one system know that another system can be trusted?  This
```

> How can one system know that another system can be trusted?  This
> age old question has new interest and relevance in a world where
> trusted computing elements are maturing in processor architectures.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The question of how one system can know that another system can be trusted has found new interest and relevance in a world where trusted computing elements are maturing in processor architectures.
```

> --- abstract

Reviewer 2: This belongs in the intro.

How should one system know that another system can be trusted?

 * Wouldn't it be nice if one bank backend system had reason to
   believe that another bank backend system was trustworthy?

 * Wouldn't you like to know that electronic health records (EHRs)

>    were shared only among systems that were trustworthy?

Reviewer 2: Second person is great, but are we doing it?

How does one system determine whether another system is trustworthy?

> This is the goal of the Remote Attestation architecture (RATS).

Reviewer: RATS is the acronym for Remote Attestation ProcedureS
